today I am joined by Kevin Chang Kevin
is a trainer he is X3 only in his
training and his uh training with other
people he has an incredibly developed
physique he is one of the top natural
bodybuilders in the world how many
scoops of foren do you do a day two
before my workout and then two after
okay and I went from 151 uh to now and
uh it's 173 today and
I don't know if you can
see you're you're shredded dude awesome
I'm literally like two and a half days
from getting on the comp on the stage
right so you you take that 20 pound
difference almost it's
like yeah when you're lean that's night
and day I am thrilled about your success
you're an example for so many people as
a natural like the class you compete in
they don't even let people use trt are
there even supplements you're not
allowed to take yeah like uh redcon they
had this like blast blast something but
that was banned but yeah one of those
supplements and then you know it's just
a huge list of
performance stuff yeah makes sense so
yeah I think it's an amazing example
like you're taking high quality protein
with fortigen you've got great nutrition
now my position early on and when you
first started using X3 you heard me say
like you I'm I'm very low carbohydrate
and I think that's really important for
people to stay as lean as possible most
of the quality nutrition you get is
going to be from animal protein I mean
you know people try and argue with me
but there's plenty of research to back
up what I'm saying and anything that's
contrary to what I'm saying is typically
paid for by some snack food company so
it's not really worth even talking about
a lot of other people really would
prefer to have a higher level
carbohydrate um you included and when
you get as lean as you get it's like
well it works for Kevin so you know and
ultimately I when I came when I first
came out with satrum so the objective of
citrum is you guys good oh there's a
reason that the logo of citrum is a
lemon so citrum is made out of citrus
peel extracts and these extracts have
clinically shown and people the research
is on the page so you know don't take my
word for it read the
research it changes the behavior of the
carbohydrates you eat to alter the
glycemic index so that as an example you
could eat a Snickers bar not that I
would ever Advocate eating a Snickers
bar but if you did it would digest at
the speed of a
carrot and because it slowed down down
the chances of it being
stored as body fat become less and so
tell me about your experience with
citrum all right yeah that's a great
explanation because you know I do feel
more energy throughout the day things
are just you know metabolizing slower
and when you do eat a lot of
carbohydrates uh it does either get
metabolized quickly or then it gets
doesn't get used and gets stored as fat
yeah this uh has been just really
gamechanging for me because I would get
down to uh stage weight right and I
would test my blood and the markers
would show me that even though my
testosterone is still at outlier levels
around
550 the lean physique just was kind of
like keeping my testosterone low I know
this now because it's increased
115% and it's now at
11:07 and I'm finding that I wouldn't be
able to get these type of improvements
if it wasn't for daily use of citrum
right so people are more likely to use
it with a caloric deficit my whole life
I've been Against the Grain like so I'm
taking more
citrum on on the way up yeah with the
Surplus and what I'm finding is is that
it's just keeping me metabolically
healthy right are your trig glycerides
low oh yeah uh just 51 down from 53 you
know and it's the lower body fat that
lets testosterone do its thing right the
estrogen yeah get that's true from more
fat and that was just the whole you know
that was the core of my theory right so
I'm going to do cardio I'm going to do
uh cium with every meal and even you
know go like 50 to 100% more than the
recommended dose and over
time I uh got that huge Improvement and
then I got competition shredded once
again and this is the biggest finding
it's my testosterone was at 950
so I went from 550 to 1100 total test uh
and then back down to 950 and then now
I'm on my next kind of phase where I'm
about to get tested again uh and I've
been on a caloric Surplus for some time
so I'm expecting hopefully uh you know
exceeding that personal record but the
point is is that citrum isn't just a
kind of like a metabolic
uh Health a yeah it's not just a way to
get away with cheating with carbs I
think what you're trying to say is
instead of having you know glucose go up
and then crash it's more of a level
delivery and that level delivery keeps
your energy High keeps your muscles full
of glycogen and doesn't store body fat
exactly because I'm eating 400 grams of
carbs per day that's like an important
thing to to mention yeah that's
something I would never tell people to
do but I mean it's clearly working for
you right I'm going against the grain
man I'm I'm eating as many carbs as I
can possibly and then taking more cium
uh and the glycogen got to go somewhere
and it's not going to my fat very
readily so where is going muscle
glycogen right in my opinion it's the
better glycogen storage right it's right
next to the muscle uh it's in the muscle
right it's like well also for your work
outs with X3 variable resistance is
known for wiping out glycogen stores in
fact when in testing when they want
somebody to wipe out their their energy
system of their muscle they have them do
sets with variable resistance because
like basically it shows that you get a
much greater level of exhaustion in the
musculature with variable resistance and
you're doing volume training with
variable resistance to build that kind
of size which means means if you can
consistently manage
levels of glycogen then you're you're
ultimately just going to win that's a
superior approach that's just uh
achieving metabolic flexibility and once
you do the carbohydrates you reintroduce
into the protocol it's they get utilized
instead of somebody with insulin
resistance and you know they can't even
lose weight on caloric deficit one huge
indicator that you know you got to lower
that insulin like no other you better be
sleeping more you better be eating low
carb you better be taking citrum cardio
FC cardio uh what else right more muscle
that definitely helps but whatever we
need to do to lower insulin and when our
antioxidants that are coming into our
body are improving our you know our
oxida the
fenses right it's just given us a
perfect environment for all of our blood
markers to go up hence why just the
testostrone even the free test you know
up 188% but it was kind of low uh you
know I've got clients like Michael Ruff
uh 1418 total tests and then 170
something free test jacked like almost
I'm sure and shredded yeah natural he's
taking stonum too and yeah well I mean
that's what it
does that's I'm trying to tell people
man I'm like not just for weight loss
it's it can improve your testosterone uh
and your
amk and that long Jack right practiced
in Southeast Asia Vietnam and uh you
know just for like libido and hormonal
balance and uh just vitality and bigger
I made a joke earlier I was like it's
the perfect thing to give your wife and
be like hey uh this is for weight loss
right because it's it's gonna improve
her testosterone her sure and you know
oh I see it's like you lose weight yeah
she will be very horny that's the thing
right right it's like and that's what I
was realizing I was like you know
doesn't take it only takes a couple chat
gpts to find out it's not just improving
your metabolism it's like right right
your immune system your
hormones yeah I'm very you know it's
funny you mentioned I'm very careful
with the claims because I only want to
say the things that are I'm not using
like inference like well because of this
this other thing will happen because if
it didn't say that in the study I don't
want to have to connect the dots but you
went and connected the dots because you
read the research and you're like oh if
this happens this other thing's going to
happen so I'm I'm thrilled you're saying
it like I won't say that kind of thing
but ultimately it is going to help
people stay leaner and more powerful and
having higher testosterone all true yeah
man I'll say it because I like make bold
claims man third in the world uh I'm
like soon man it's my style you'll be
world champion soon awesome all right
man well thanks for joining me today
this is good it's going to help out a
lot of people you're welcome yeah just
want to spread the word it's not just a
fat loss Journey it's after the fat loss
Journey really begin so just implore
everybody to you know apply yourself
have that Relentless consistency and
understand that it's not just for vanity
it's for well-being being there for your
f